for Brazilians it was love at first
View
despite the German name somewhat
complicated when this brand arrived in
Brazil, the staff had a difficulty
in the pronunciation then funk-if cute
bush was that it turned into a fusca
an unconditional passion to walk in the fusca
different because you drive another one
kind of car you 're driving a
car driving the fusca you are
directing a myth and a will
uncontrollable to show this for all
world
it's not not binding it's something that you
defines without receiving a minimum of detail
I got in the car Eduardo is proud of
have the earliest exposure beetle a
Model 1951 has to put up as
worth today with 100 thousand you do not make one
car price varies according to
the state of conservation the year of
manufacturing and especially the value
sentimental of the owner who has passed the
40 years old probably already had
a fusca might have been even the
first car and that's one of the reasons
explain such passion to keep one of these
even today is the way they
they found that remembering the good moments
from past
audrey 38 years old is a little younger if
remembers his father when he was still hitchhiking
child in the back seat
today has a 1959 model and has already passed
Passion for the child Extra time and goal
cool things right now I did not have
violence had no concern
we lived in peace and everything was
joy
The more original the better it gets to a
with old parts like doorknobs
flashlights and steering wheels
this one costs 300 reais for albertino
the marriage turned marriage 33 years ago i
I'm married and started here I'm a
fusca tight little tight
tasty